Yea. this album is dedicated to all the teachers that told me I'd never amount
to nothing. to all the people that lived above the Buildings that I was
hustling in front of that called the police on Me when I was just trying to
make some money to feed my daughter. And all the niggas in the struggle. you
know what I'm saying? It's all good baby baby. It was all a dream. I used to read
Word Up magazine. Salt 'n' Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine. Hangin pictures
on my wall. Every Saturday Rap Attack, Mr. Magic, Marley Marl. I let my tape rock
til my tape popped. Smokin weed and Bambu, sippin on Private Stock Way back,
when I had the red and black lumberjack With the hat to match. Remember Rappin
Duke? duh-ha, duh-ha You never thought that hip hop would take it this far. Now
I'm in the limelight cause I rhyme tight. Time to get paid, blow up like the
World Trade. Born sinner, the opposite of a winner. Remember when I used to eat
sardines for dinner. Peace to Ron G, Brucey B, Kid Capri Funkmaster Flex,
Lovebug Starski (wassup). I'm blowin up like you thought I would. Call the crib,
same number same hood (that's right). It's all good (it's aaalll good). And if
you don't know, now you know, nigga. You know very well who you are. Don't let
em hold you down, reach for the stars. You had a few, but not that many. Cause
you're the only one I'll give you good and plenty. I made the change from a
common thief To up close and personal with Robin Leach. And I'm far from cheap,
I smoke skunk with my peeps all day. Spread love, it's the Brooklyn way. The Moet
and Alize keep me pissy. Girls used to diss me. Now they write letters cause they
miss me. I never thought it could happen, this rappin stuff I was too used to
packin GATs and stuff. Now honeys play me close like butter play toast. From the
Mississippi down to the east coast. Condos in Queens, indo for weeks Sold out
seats to hear Biggie Smalls speak. Livin life without fear. Puttin 5 karats in my
baby girl's ears. Lunches, brunches, interviews by the pool. Considered a fool
cause I dropped out of high school. Stereotypes of a black male misunderstood.
And it's still all good. Uh, and if you don't know, now you know, nigga. You know
very well who you are. Don't let em hold you down, reach for the stars. You had a
few, but not that many. Cause you're the only one. I'll give you good and plenty.
Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis. When I was dead broke, man I couldn't picture this.
Fifty inch screen, money green leather sofa. Got two rides, a limousine with a
chauffeur. Phone bill about two G's flat. No need to worry, my accountant handles
that. And my whole crew is lounging. Celebrating every day, no more public
housing. Thinking back on my one-room shack. Now my mom pimps a Ac with minks on
her back. And she loves to show me off, of course Smiles every time my face is
up in The Source. We used to fuss when the landlord dissed us. No heat, wonder
why Christmas missed us. Birthdays was the worst days. Now we sip champagne when
we thirst-ay. Uh, damn right I like the life I live. Cause I went from negative
to positive. And it's all (It's all good). And if you don't know, now you know,
nigga.


Uh, uh, check it out (yeah).
Junior MAFIA. (hehe, mm).
Uh (I like this) Yeah, yeah. Nine-fo' (keep bangin).

To all the ladies in the place with style and grace.
Allow me to lace these lyrical douches, in your bushes.
Who rock grooves and make moves with all the mommies.
The back of the club, sippin' Moet, is where you'll find me (what?).
The back of the club, mackin' hoes, my crew's behind me (huh).
Mad question askin', blunt passin', music blastin'.
But I just can't quit.
'Cause one of these honies Biggie gots ta creep with.
Sleep with, keep the ep a secret why not.
Why blow up my spot 'cause we both got hot.
Now check it, I got more Mack than Craig and in the bed.
Believe me sweety I got enough to feed the needy.
No need to be greedy I got mad friends with Benz's.
C-notes by the layers, true fuckin'' players.
Jump in the Rover and come over.
Tell your friends jump in the GS3, I got the chronic by the tree.

"I love it when you call me big poppa".
Throw your hands in the air, if you'se a true player.
"I love it when you call me big pop-pa".
To the honies gettin' money playin' niggas like dummies.
"I love it when you call me big poppa".
If you got a gun up in your waist please don't shoot up the place (why?).
'Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be havin' my baby, baby.

Straight up honey really I'm askin'.
Most of these niggas think they be mackin' but they be actin.
Who they attractin' with that line, "What's your name what's your sign?".
Soon as he buy that wine I just creep up from behind.
And ask what your interests are, who you be with.
Things to make you smile, what numbers to dial.
You gon' be here for a while, I'm gon' go call my crew.
You go call your crew.
We can rendezvous at the bar around two.
Plans to leave, throw the keys to 'Lil Cease.
Pull the truck up, front, and roll up the next blunt.
So we can steam on the way to the telly go fill my belly.
A t-bone steak, cheese eggs and Welch's grape.
Conversate for a few, 'cause in a few, we gon' do.
What we came to do, ain't that right boo (true).
Forget the telly we just go to the crib.
and watch a movie in the jacuzzi smoke L's while you do me.

"I love it when you call me big pop-pa".
Throw your hands in the air, if youse a true player.
"I love it when you call me big pop-pa".
To the honies gettin' money playin' niggas like dummies.
"I love it when you call me big pop-pa".
If you got a gun up in your waist please don't shoot up the place (why?).
'Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be havin' my baby, baby.

(How ya livin' Biggie Smalls?).
In mansion and Benz's givin' ends to my friends and it feels stupendous.
Tremendous cream, fuck a dollar and a dream.
Still tote gats strapped with infrared beams (what?).
Choppin O's, smokin' lye an' Optimo's.
Money hoes and clothes all a nigga knows.
A foolish pleasure, whatever.
I had to find the buried treasure, so grams I had to measure.
However living better now, Gucci sweater now.
Drop top BM's, I'm the man girlfriend.

Honey check it, tell your friends, to get with my friends.
And we can be friends, shit we can do this every weekend.
Aight? Is that aight with you? Yeah, keep bangin'.

"I love it when you call me big poppa".
Throw your hands in the air, if youse a true player.
"I love it when you call me big poppa".
To the honies gettin' money playin' niggas like dummies.
"I love it when you call me big pop-pa".
If you got a gun up in your waist please don't shoot up the place (why?).
'Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be havin' my baby, baby.

Uh, check it out, nine-fo' shit for dat ass.
Puff Daddy, Biggie Smalls, Junior MAFIA, represent baby, baby! Uh.
