California knows how to party, California knows how to party.
In the city of LA, in the city of good ol' Watts.
In the city, the city of Compton.
We keep it rockin', we keep it rockin'.

Now let me welcome everybody to the wild, wild west.
A state that's untouchable like Elliot Ness.
The track hits ya eardrum like a slug to ya chest.
Pack a vest for your Jimmy in the city of sex.

We in that sunshine state with a bomb ass hemp beat.
The state where ya never find a dance floor empty.
And pimps be on a mission for them greens.
Lean mean money makin' machines, servin' fiends.

I been in the game for ten years makin' rap tunes.
Ever since honeys was wearin' Sassoon.
Now it's '95 and they clock me and watch me.
Diamonds shinin' lookin' like I robbed Liberace.

It's all good, from Diego to tha Bay.
Your city is tha bomb if your city makin' pay.
Throw up a finger if ya feel the same way.
Dre puttin' it down for California.

California knows how to party, California knows how to party.
In the city of LA, in the city of good ol' Watts.
In the city, the city of Compton.
We keep it rockin', we keep it rockin'.

Shake it, shake it baby, shake it shake it baby.
Shake it, shake it mama.
Shake it Cali, shake it shake it baby.
Shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it.

Out on bail fresh outta jail, California dreamin'.
Soon as I stepped on the scene, I'm hearin' hooches screamin'.
Fiendin' for money and alcohol.
The life of a west side playa where cowards die.

Only in Cali where we riot not rally to live and die.
In LA we wearin' Chucks not Ballies.
(That's right).
Dressed in Locs and khaki suits and ride is what we do.
Flossin' but have caution we collide with other crews.

Famous 'cause we program worldwide.
Let 'em recognize from Long Beach to Rose Grands.
Bumpin' and grindin' like a slow jam, it's west side.
So you know the row won't bow down to no man.

Say what you say but give me that bomb beat from Dre.
Let me serenade the streets of LA from Oakland to Sack town.
The Bay Area and back down.
Cali is where they put they mack down, give me love.

California knows how to party, California knows how to party.
In the city of LA, in the city of good ol' Watts.
In the city, the city of Compton.
We keep it rockin', we keep it rockin'.

Now make it shake.

Shake it, shake it baby, shake it, shake it baby.
Shake it, shake it mama.
Shake it Cali, shake it, shake it baby.
Shake it, shake it, shake it, shake it.

Uh, yeah, uh, long beach in tha house, uh yeah.
Oak town, Oakland definitely in tha house, ha ha ha.
Frisco, Frisco, hey, you know LA is up in this.
Pasadena, where you at.
Yeah, Inglewood, Inglewood always up to no good.

Even Hollywood tryin' to get a piece baby.
Sacramento, Sacramento where ya at? Yeah.
Throw it up y'all, throw it up, throw it up.
Let's show these fools how we do this on that west side.
'Cause you and I know it's tha best side.

Yeah, that's right.
West coast, west coast.
Uh, California love.
California love.
